Apple hard refresh is actually cmd+option+R (#467)
Start9Labs/documentation: site/source/user-manual/getting-started/initial-setup.rst

    - Mullvad - Go to "Settings -> VPN Settings -> Local Network Sharing"
    - ProtonVPN - Go to "Preferences -> Connection -> Allow LAN Connections"

> #. Visit or refresh (ctrl+shift+R - Linux/Windows, cmd+option+R - Mac) the start.local page in a web browser

Author: A user has told us cmd+shift+r on a mac is "read mode" and cmd+option+R is the hard refresh

Reviewer: This work for safari only. FF still uses cmd+shift+R.

Author: TY homer.  Updated.

> #. Visit or refresh (ctrl+shift+R - Linux/Windows, cmd+option+R - Mac) the start.local page in a web browser

Author: ```suggestion
#. Visit or refresh (ctrl+shift+R on Linux/Windows, cmd+shift+R on macOS in Firefox, or cmd+option+R on macOS in Safari) the start.local page in a web browser
```
